chore: updated reconcile test (#52)
defenseunicorns/pepr-excellent-examples: README.md

Most examples are designed around a test suite that demonstrates / verifies how they work.

To run all example suites:

```sh
npm run test:e2e
```

> To run all example suites against a custom version of Pepr, specify which using the `--image` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run all example suites against a custom version of Pepr, specify an image tag using the `--image` flag:
```

```sh
npm run test:e2e -- --image pepr:dev
```

To run a single example suite, specify which to run using `-w` flag:

```sh
# npm run test:e2e -w <npm module name>

npm run test:e2e -w hello-pepr-validate
```

To run a subset of tests, give Jest the specifics via the `--passthru` flag:

```sh
# npm run test:e2e -w <npm module name> -- --passthru="<jest flags>"

npm run test:e2e -w hello-pepr-validate -- --passthru="--testNamePattern='validate creates'"
```

> ## Troubleshooting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Digging In
```
